SC documentation improvements (#963)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/general/introduction.rst

    - What are not the use cases

.. _introduction:
.. include:: ../../variables.rst

===============================
Introduction to smart contracts
===============================

Already know what smart contracts are? Go to the :ref:`quick guide<sc-quick-start>` to start building smart contracts on Concordium right away.

> 

Reviewer: 👌

.. _sc-dev-tools:

Smart contract development tools
--------------------------------

Concordium provides a number of tools to simplify the smart contract creation and deployment process.

The `VSCode extension <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Concordium.concordium-smart-contracts>`__ can help you develop Concordium smart contracts. The extension sets up the editor for development, installs the ``cargo-concordium`` smart contract development tool for all supported platforms, and provides commands in the editor for the essential workflows, such as building and testing smart contracts.

You can watch a video about how to use the VSCode extension.

.. image:: https://img.youtube.com/vi/9qjcsGDeveg/maxresdefault.jpg
    :alt: video about smart contract lifecycle
    :target: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qjcsGDeveg

The :ref:`integration testing library<integration-test-contract>` simplifies testing of your smart contracts before deployment.

> `Smart contract libraries <https://crates.io/crates/concordium-std>`_

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion:** This line is not a paragraph like the others around this.

```suggestion
The `main library for Smart contract development <https://crates.io/crates/concordium-std>`_ can be found on crates.io.
```

To ease deployment and initialization, you can use the `Smart contract deploy and initialize tool <https://sctools.mainnet.concordium.software/>`__. It works with the |bw| to deploy and initialize smart contracts to Mainnet and Testnet.

> The `Typescript smart contract client generator <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@concordium/ccd-js-gen>`_ helps you generate JS clients for the Concordium blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Typescript smart contract client generator <https://www.npmjs.com/package/@concordium/ccd-js-gen>`_ helps you generate JavaScript or TypeScript clients for the Concordium blockchain.
```
